Remove references to chalkify tests (#604)
rust-lang/rustc-guide: src/traits/lowering-module.md

## The `program_clauses_for` query

The main entry point is the `program_clauses_for` [query], which –
given a def-id – produces a set of Chalk program clauses. The
query is invoked on a `DefId` that identifies something like a trait,
an impl, or an associated item definition. It then produces and
returns a vector of program clauses.

[query]: ../query.html

## Unit tests

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add a disclaimer to show Chalk doesn't have unit tests for the moment?

Author: Good point! Added a note.

## The `program_clauses_for` query

The main entry point is the `program_clauses_for` [query], which –

> given a def-id – produces a set of Chalk program clauses. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
given a `DefId` – produces a set of Chalk program clauses. The
```

query is invoked on a `DefId` that identifies something like a trait,
an impl, or an associated item definition. It then produces and
returns a vector of program clauses.

[query]: ../query.html

## Unit tests

**Note: We've removed the Chalk unit tests in [rust-lang/rust#69247].

> They will come back once we're ready to integrate next Clalk into rustc.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They will come back once we're ready to integrate next Chalk into rustc.**
```

Author: Whoops, fixed.

> A good example test is here. At the time of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a good example test. At the time of
```

```

The `#[rustc_dump_program_clauses]` annotation can be attached to

> anything with a def-id (It requires the `rustc_attrs` feature). The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
anything with a `DefId` (It requires the `rustc_attrs` feature). The
```
